###Qwg*   _noun_   _\ˈkw-eeg\_

a Chrome browser extension which converts the Omnibox (the multi-use URL bar) into a keyboard launcher tool for the browser, based on a configuration schema that you supply.

In it's simplest form, Qwg can be used to launch webpages with content based on the inputted query (e.g. for search engines other than Google).

####Installation
Currently, Qwg is not available in the Chrome Web Store, but it can be installed by downloading the .crx package file from Github and then manually dragging this file into the Chrome [Extensions option](chrome://chrome/extensions/) page.

####Usage
Qwg is activated by typing 'qwg' into the Chrome Omnibox and then hitting &lt;space&gt;. Then there are 2 options:

1. To see a list of available completions, hit &lt;space&gt; again. This will bring up a list of options based on the Qwg engine walking the configuration tree (see below for more details). Selecting one of these options with &lt;space&gt; will bring up the next tier of completions.

2. If you know the query that you want to run, just keep typing. Qwg will automatically narrow down the available completions as you type.

####Configuration
Opening the Qwg extension options tab will display an inline editor. The configuration tree is coded in JavaScript and which should resolve to a valid JavaScript object, whose properties make up the tree of available completions presented to the user.

Dynamic trees can be generated by embedding functions in the configuration object. The functions have the signature `aFunction(unmatchedQuery, entireQuery)` and return either a URL `String` (for leaf nodes) or an `Object` (whose properties make up the subsequent set of completions).

The default configuration of the extension has examples of the various available options for tree resolution.

